--- 
layout: post
post title: "test" 
subtitle: 'test' 
author: "Kgod" 
header-style: text 
tags: 
  - test 
---
# TEST

Dear sir: I am a postgraduate at Xiangtan University which located in China, our school rank 100 in China. I major in statistics. My income is barely enough to cover my living expense, but I don’t have extra money to register the class. Furthermore, I want to save money for my family. Since I don't want to put more burden on my family, I request Coursera for financial aid, and I promise to finish the course. I think coursera is a very good platform for people to learn something they need, I registered coursera about 2 months ago, and sincerely hoping to learn something. The financial aid program  provided by Coursera is a great opportunity for poor student like me to pursue the course, and I hope I can get the chance. Thank you for your consideration. I hope you can agree to my application. I look forward to your reply.  

My teacher and my friend highly recommend me to take this class，this class will help me to improve my learning skills and through this class I can use my time more effectively.
As the intro said, This course will introduce the core data structures of the Python programming language. We will move past the basics of procedural programming and explore how we can use the Python built-in data structures such as lists, dictionaries, and tuples to perform increasingly complex data analysis. In this course, Python Data Structures I will learn the foundations of deep learning. and I will understand the major technology trends driving Deep Learning,Be able to build, train and apply fully connected deep neural networks, Know how to implement efficient (vectorized) neural networks and understand the key parameters in a neural network's architecture In the process of my studying, I realize that my learning method is not not systematic,I always change my way to learn so that my efficient is very low .So I want that this class will help me to improve these circumstances